meetups.md, before:

# List of Meetups

## What
- Here you'll find details for each meetup that took or will take place.

## Meetup link
- [https://meetup.com/apl-bcn](https://meetup.com/apl-bcn)

### General meetups
#### 2021-12-18
- Time: 19:00 - 20:30 CET.
- Title: APL: A different Programming Language
- Subjects: How to keep calm and [not be afraid of the glyphs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7snnRaC4t5c), [monadic](https://aplwiki.com/wiki/Monadic_function) and [dyadic functions](https://aplwiki.com/wiki/Dyadic_function), [operators](https://aplwiki.com/wiki/Operator), [function axis](https://aplwiki.com/wiki/Function_axis).
- Sign-up: [event on meetup.com](https://www.meetup.com/apl-bcn/events/282411026/)
- Meeting link: [Zoom: 758 323 8770](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/7583238770)
- Video: [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aq_gUA4ta_Y).
- Slides: [PDF](https://github.com/mlliarm/apl-in-bcn/blob/aa4e6e1898b2f482a657af6fed737e65b6a25b5f/slides/2021-12-18/APL_%20A%20different%20Programming%20Language.pdf), [ODP](https://github.com/mlliarm/apl-in-bcn/blob/aa4e6e1898b2f482a657af6fed737e65b6a25b5f/slides/2021-12-18/APL_%20A%20different%20Programming%20Language.odp), [PPTX](https://github.com/mlliarm/apl-in-bcn/blob/aa4e6e1898b2f482a657af6fed737e65b6a25b5f/slides/2021-12-18/APL_%20A%20different%20Programming%20Language.pptx).

###  Historical APL paper reading group
- TBD.

###  General reading group
- TBD.

---
[Go Back](https://mlliarm.github.io/apl-in-bcn/)

Commit message:

added new meetup and pass and spoiler code

meetups.md, after:

# List of Meetups

## What
- Here you'll find details for each meetup that took or will take place.

## Meetup link
- [https://meetup.com/apl-bcn](https://meetup.com/apl-bcn)

### General meetups
The password for the Zoom meets currently is:

```python
int(100_000*sqrt(3)) # python3
```

<!DOCTYPE html>
<body>
    <details>
        <summary>SOLUTION</summary>
      
- [In APL](https://tryapl.org/?clear&q=%E2%8C%8A100000%C3%973*1%C3%B72&run)
- [In J](https://tio.run/##y/oPBIYGIKBlHGeoagQA)
    </details>        
</body>
</html>

#### 2022-01-29
- Time: 19:00 - 20:30 CET.
- Title: J: A modern math-oriented APL
- Subjects: An introduction to J for the mathematically curious. 
   - [Info on J](https://aplwiki.com/wiki/J) (aplwiki.com)
   - [Teaser](https://rosettacode.org/wiki/Archimedean_spiral#J) (rosettacode.org)
- Sign-up: [event on meetup.com](https://www.meetup.com/apl-bcn/events/283206437/)
- Meeting link: [Zoom: 865 2867 0782](https://zoom.us/j/86528670782).  
- Video: TBD.
- Slides: TBD.

#### 2021-12-18
- Time: 19:00 - 20:30 CET.
- Title: APL: A different Programming Language
- Subjects: How to keep calm and [not be afraid of the glyphs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7snnRaC4t5c), [monadic](https://aplwiki.com/wiki/Monadic_function) and [dyadic functions](https://aplwiki.com/wiki/Dyadic_function), [operators](https://aplwiki.com/wiki/Operator), [function axis](https://aplwiki.com/wiki/Function_axis).
- Sign-up: [event on meetup.com](https://www.meetup.com/apl-bcn/events/282411026/)
- Meeting link: [Zoom: 758 323 8770](https://us02web.zoom.us/j/7583238770)
- Video: [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aq_gUA4ta_Y).
- Slides: [PDF](https://github.com/mlliarm/apl-in-bcn/blob/aa4e6e1898b2f482a657af6fed737e65b6a25b5f/slides/2021-12-18/APL_%20A%20different%20Programming%20Language.pdf), [ODP](https://github.com/mlliarm/apl-in-bcn/blob/aa4e6e1898b2f482a657af6fed737e65b6a25b5f/slides/2021-12-18/APL_%20A%20different%20Programming%20Language.odp), [PPTX](https://github.com/mlliarm/apl-in-bcn/blob/aa4e6e1898b2f482a657af6fed737e65b6a25b5f/slides/2021-12-18/APL_%20A%20different%20Programming%20Language.pptx).

###  Historical APL paper reading group
- TBD (date depends on interest)

###  General reading group
- TBD (date depends on interest)

---
[Go Back](https://mlliarm.github.io/apl-in-bcn/)
